tags: Add new tag to advertise the use of BCP-003-03 (#20)
AMWA-TV/nmos-parameter-registers: tags/certprov.md

# Certificate Provisioning Tags

- **Name:**  urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov/v1.0
  - **Description:** Certificate Provisioning tag that can be used advertise is BCP-003-03 is enabled.
  - **Proponent:** [AMWA](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/)

This document describes an application of the AMWA IS-04 “tags” structures to enable control systems to identify Nodes that are using BCP-003-03 for automated certificate provisioning.

## Introduction

Since AMWA IS-04 v1.0, NMOS resources contain a “tags” field that has not been used in a standard way.

## Certificate Provisioning URN

The certificate provisioning URN 'urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov' defines if BCP-003-03 is 'enabled' or 'disabled' on a Node.

```json
"tags": {
   "urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov/v1.0": [
      "{state}"
   ]
}
```

Where

| Parameter | Description | Values |
| --------- | ----------- | ------ |
| state | A string that defines if BCP-003-03 is enabled or disabled | "enabled" or "disabled" (default) |

### Examples

#### 1. BCP-003-03 enabled

JSON tags for when BCP-003-03 is being used to automatically provision TLS certificates
```json
"tags": {
   "urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov/v1.0": [
      "enabled"
   ]
}
```

> #### 2. BCP-003-03 disbaled

Reviewer: Typo for "disabled" here

# Certificate Provisioning Tags

- **Name:**  urn:x-nmos:tag:certpro
  - **Description:** Certificate Provisioning tag that can be used to advertise if BCP-003-03 is enabled.
  - **Proponent:** [AMWA](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/)

This document describes an application of the AMWA IS-04 “tags” structures to enable control systems to identify Nodes that are using BCP-003-03 for automated certificate provisioning.

## Introduction

Since AMWA IS-04 v1.0, NMOS resources contain a “tags” field that has not been used in a standard way.

## Certificate Provisioning URN

The certificate provisioning URN 'urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov' defines a list of BCP-003-03 versions that are 'enabled' on a Node. If BCP-003-03 is not currently enabled on a Node, no version number should be listed.

```json
"tags": {
   "urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov": [
      "{enabled version}"
   ]
}
```

Where

| Parameter | Description | Values |
| --------- | ----------- | ------ |

> | enabled version | A string that defines what version of BCP-003-03 is enabled | Version string "v{major}.{minor}", eg. "v1.0" |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| enabled version | A string that defines what version of BCP-003-03 is enabled | Version string "v{major}.{minor}", e.g. "v1.0" |
```

# Certificate Provisioning Tags

> - **Name:**  urn:x-nmos:tag:certpro

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Name:**  urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov
```

| Parameter | Description | Values |
| --------- | ----------- | ------ |
| enabled version | A string that defines what version of BCP-003-03 is enabled | Version string "v{major}.{minor}", eg. "v1.0" |

### Examples

#### 1. BCP-003-03 version 1.0 enabled

JSON tags for when BCP-003-03 is being used to automatically provision TLS certificates
```json
"tags": {
   "urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov": [
      "v1.0"
   ]
}
```

#### 2. Multiple BCP-003-03 versions enabled

JSON tags for when BCP-003-03 is being used to automatically provision TLS certificates and the Node supports multiple versions
```json
"tags": {
   "urn:x-nmos:tag:certprov": [
      "v1.0",
      "v1.1"
   ]
}
```

> #### 3. BCP-003-03 disabled
> 
> JSON tags for when BCP-003-03 is NOT being used to automatically provision TLS certificates or is not supported

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we should characterize this as "implemented but disabled", since if it's simply not supported, it's more likely that the tag would be omitted completely?

```suggestion
#### 3. BCP-003-03 implemented but disabled

JSON tags for when BCP-003-03 is supported but NOT currently being used to automatically provision TLS certificates
```
